>> Jon Kuperman: Another one that's
nice is the accessible color picker, so
this will be our first deviation from the
standard dev tools into an experiment, but
I think it's worth seeing
a quick shout out.
There's a very cool accessibility
course coming up very soon by me.
But yeah, so
accessible color is really nice,
you wanna make sure that
your contrast is able to be,
differentiated by people with a variety
of different conditions and sightedness.
So you can go to the, let me just
make sure that we go slowly here,
you can click on the setting cog,
you can click on experiments,
we will cover a lot of
experiments going forward.
We can click on one of these cool
accessibility color contrast program one,
and then close it says we have to reload,
we'll do a reload and
now we can click on a color.
Yeah, I'm not sure why that's not
showing up on my NAV bar, but
this is a really great tool.
So what you'll see basically
is through the dev tools,
you will be able to click on anywhere
that you're using font color.
And with that experiment enabled,
when you click on it for the font color,
you'll see this new section here,
which is the contrast ratio.
And so you can click to expand to
this here and you can see whether or
not the contrast ratio is compliant,
meaning that it is good enough for
people with a varying sightedness.
You can also see this one's a bit hard,
but you can see that there's this white
line at the top and the implication
here the experiment adds this.
That anything in the upper left
section of this is accessible and
then anything outside of
it is inaccessible, and so
basically it's like if the font color gets
too dark, then it will be inaccessible.
And you can see this is marked to slash
through, we move it back up to the top and
it's a check.
The other thing I wanted to say on this is
it's not just about color, it's font size
as well, so there are contrasts that are
acceptable at a certain large font size,
but unacceptable at a lower font size.
So I think as an example,
if we were to change the font size here to
like 100 pixels, or something like that.
And then open this up, we would see that
the white line is now very different,
right for 100 pixels,
we actually get quite a bit of room,
this is all accessible, and
then this is inaccessible.
This sort of makes sense as a concept,
you enable the experiment, and
then you can click on anything
that has a color, and
you'll get this contrast ratio that
you can kind of have a play with.
>> Speaker 2: Someone in the chat
mentioned maybe it's because it has to
be a text element that's selected.
>> Jon Kuperman: I wonder if you're right,
yeah,
maybe it's just the fact
that you are totally right.
That's great, that's great from the chat,
so I think before I was looking
at a parent element that didn't
actually have any text content,
I was looking at the NAV itself.
And what we actually need to find is
the element that actually has the text
content, and that when we open it up,
we will see the contrast ratio, and
we will see, thank you very much.
Chat for that, yeah, that's great.
So this is an experiment I leave on
all the time just to make sure that
I'm always have accessible fonts and
background colors, but a nice, great one.